Update GraphQL guidelines (#8487)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.3/coding-standards/technical-vision/webapi.md

1. Unlimited nesting should be supported during requests for related entities. (For example, get Order => Order Items => Products => Related Products)
1. Field filtration must be performed with SQL queries. Do not filter on the application layer after you've fetched all possible fields.
1. Third-party customizations must be done separately for Service Contracts and for GraphQL

> 1. Classes marked as APIs SHOULD BE utilized inside GraphQL resolvers when possbile to do so without hurting the performance

Reviewer: Use bold for emphasis not capitals
```suggestion
1. Classes marked as APIs **should be** utilized inside GraphQL resolvers when possible to do so without affecting performance
```

Reviewer 2: In this instance, and commonly in code standards, we bold things like SHOULD BE because they have clear and important meanings. https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.3/coding-standards/technical-guidelines.html

Reviewer 2: but the two typos MUST be fixed.

Reviewer 3: Looking at the topic as a whole, don't add any particular emphasis to "should be". There are many instances of "should be" and "must be" in the topic, but not of them are in bold or capitalized.

Reviewer: Agreed

Reviewer 2: ok
